Move to Scala 2.13 (#5192)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/api/io.strimzi.api.kafka.model.KafkaAuthorizationOpa.adoc

To use link:https://www.openpolicyagent.org/[Open Policy Agent^] authorization, set the `type` property in the `authorization` section to the value `opa`,
and configure OPA properties as required.

> Strimzi uses the Kafka authorization plugin from Bisnode as the Open Policy Agent authroizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strimzi uses Bisnode's Kafka authorization plugin as the Open Policy Agent authorizer.
```
